Mr. Shen Lian
As long as you hand over the eyeliner
If I promise you
Promise me everything, right?
Is that so?
You put your
Put the dog's paws into this pot
I'll let it go as soon as you put it in.
Don't go too far.
To put it or not to put it?
If you don't let it go
You'll never see him again. Okay.
Ah!
Oh Lu Yao
I didn't expect that.
You still have today?
Hey bring people out
Lu Yao Lu Yao
Do what you did to Lu Yao
I just helped him wash his hands
Mr. Shiquan, you are too much. Am I your sister?
No, you're not my real sister.
How can half-mothers be related?
It's Tianzong
As long as you let Yaxing go
I promise you to die
This is what you said.
I promise everything
Sign him
What's in your name?
Property?
The company and so on are all transferred to the teacher's name?
Luoyang doesn't want money